---
layout: article
title: "Operations Management System (OMS) Project Proposal for ZGC"
permalink: /zgcoms
---

## Introduction

The dynamic business landscape necessitates a cohesive, efficient, and adaptive Operations Management System (OMS) to meet the evolving operational demands and to sustain a competitive edge in the market. The proposed OMS aims to streamline the operations, enhance compliance, improve user experiences, and drive digital transformation across the ZIEBEN GROUP COMPANIES.

The primary objective of this project is to design, develop, and deploy an OMS that is not only robust and scalable but also aligns with the organizational goals, compliance requirements, and the future vision of the ZIEBEN GROUP COMPANIES. The OMS will be engineered to seamlessly integrate with existing systems and external platforms, ensuring data integrity, security, and real-time analytics for informed decision-making.

This proposal delineates a structured approach towards the realization of the OMS, segmented into six meticulous phases: Planning and Analysis, Design and Development, Integration and Testing, Training and Deployment, Monitoring and Optimization, and Continuous Improvement. Each phase is methodically broken down into tasks, activities, and deliverables, ensuring a comprehensive coverage of all aspects necessary for the successful implementation and sustenance of the OMS.

The participatory engagement of key stakeholders from various functional areas including operations, finance, legal, marketing, and IT is envisaged to be a cornerstone for the accurate gathering of requirements, and ensuring the OMS is tailored to meet the unique needs and expectations of the ZIEBEN GROUP COMPANIES.

The subsequent sections provide a detailed walkthrough of each phase, offering a clear roadmap towards achieving a fully-robust, user-centric, and efficient OMS that propels ZIEBEN GROUP COMPANIES towards operational excellence and enhanced market competency.


---
## Revised Phased Compensation Plan

### Phase 1: Initial Consultation and Planning
- Consultation, Research, and Planning: 40 hours @ $150/hr = $6,000

### Phase 2: Custom Development
1. **Core System Assembly**
   - Core System Assembly (CoreSystem.pdf): 100 hours @ $150/hr = $15,000
   - Testing, Deployment and Troubleshooting (Core_System-Knowledge.pdf): 20 hours @ $150/hr = $3,000
2. **User Interfaces**
   - Script Development (UserInterfaces.pdf): 60 hours @ $150/hr = $9,000
   - Testing, Deployment and Troubleshooting (Core_System_UserInterfaces-Knowledge.pdf): 10 hours @ $150/hr = $1,500

### Phase 3: Integrations and Usability 
1. **Processes Integrations **
   - Development and Implementation of Custom Integrations (Processes_Integrations.pdf): 40 hours @ $150/hr = $6,000
   - Testing, Deployment and Troubleshooting (Process_Integrations-Knowledge.pdf): 10 hours @ $150/hr = $1,500
2. **Performance and Usability**
   - Development and Implementation of necessary Changes (Performance_and_Usability.pdf): 30 hours @ $150/hr = $4,500
   - Testing, Deployment and Troubleshooting (Performance_and_Usability-Knowledge.pdf): 10 hours @ $150/hr = $1,500
3. **User Acceptance and Feedback**
   - Development, Distribution and Collection Process for Feedback Loop (UserAcceptance.pdf): 30 hours @ $150/hr = $4,500
   - Testing, Deployment and Troubleshooting (Performance_and_Usability-Knowledge.pdf): 10 hours @ $150/hr = $1,500

### Phase 4: Training and Deployment
- **(To be Determined):** 60 hours @ $150/hr = $9,000

### Phase 5: Monitoring and Optimization
- **Monthly :** $4,500 / 30 hours 
  - Performance Monitoring, Feedback Collection, Analytics and Reporting, Backup, and Disaster Recovery

### Phase 6: Continuous Improvement
- **Monthly :** $4,500 / 30 hours 
  - Iterative Improvements, Accessibility Improvements, Technology Updates

### Additional Costs:
- **Revisions:** 2 rounds of minor revisions included. Additional revisions billed at $150/hr.
- **Long-term Support:** Monthly retainer of $2,500 for ongoing support, updates, and maintenance post project.
- **Contingency:** Additional contingency of 15% of the total project cost for unforeseen challenges.

### Total Estimated Cost: 
- **Project Phases 1-4:** $66,000
- **Monthly Retainers (Phases 5 & 6, 12 months):** $108,000 ($4,500*2*12)
- **Long-term Support (12 months):** $30,000 ($2,500*12)
- **Contingency:** $30,600 (15% of ($66,000 + $108,000 + $30,000))
- **Grand Total:** $234,600


---
## Project Engagement

### Clarification Requests
Clarification requests will be to submit any clarification requests regarding project tasks, requirements, or any other relevant details to Stakeholder and the communications are to be documented in the Appendix of this section. 

### Change Requests
A formal change request process will be utilized to document and approve any changes to project scope or requirements initiated by either party. All changes are expeced to be attached to the end of this document in the Appendix section. 

### Conflict Resolution
A commonly accepted procedure will be employed to address and resolve any disagreements or conflicts during the engagement, ensuring a collaborative solution-oriented approach.

### Feedback Loops
Feedback will be immediately provided to ensure alignment, discuss progress, and address any concerns in a timely manner.

### Resource Availability
All necessary resources, including access to tools, data, and subject matter experts, will be made to perform their duties effectively.

### Consultant's Performance Evaluation
The Consultant's performance will be evaluated based on the achievement of milestones and their ability to think beyond the bounds of obligations, ensuring proactive contributions towards the project's success.


---
## Signatures

Date: ________________       Date: ________________

_______________________      _______________________
Consultant Signature         Client Signature


---
*© 2023 Suleman Manji, All Rights Reserved.*
* [Contact via Website](https://www.sulemanji.com)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sulemanmanji/)
* [Email](mailto:ssmanji89@gmail.com)

